---
title: Spring Qtr Events
author: Nat
layout: post
permalink: /2008/04/16/26/
categories:
  - Events
tags:
  - Bash
  - FYM
  - openhouse
---
Hey there CPLUG Members, We&#8217;ve got some great events coming down the pipe, so It&#8217;s time for a big signal burst.

**4/19 &#8211; Open House**  
That&#8217;s right folks, this Saturday CPLUG will be out in force. We will have two booths, one outside the CSL and one near Eng. IV. Our team at the CSL will be giving tours of the CSC Machine room and doing other nerdy stuff. Our Sun Bound booth will have general assortment of t-shirts for sale, pasty nerds roasting in what will probably be their first time outside in weeks, and lots of machines running everything from Gentoo to Slackware. Come stop by, bug us, pick the minds of your current execboard, and talk to those who want to take our jobs next year.

**4/26 &#8211; FYM 33**  
As every quarter, we will be hosting Free Your Machine in the Networks Lab (Bldg 22 Room 124) starting at 10AM. Come get your machine freed and filled with penguiny goodness. If you already have Linux come by and enjoy the nerddom. There will be Pizza.

**5/6 &#8211; Bash Scripting Talk of Doom Death** (Tentative, but appropriate, title)  
Josh, aka SillyG, aka President of CPLUG, will be giving a talk on BASH scripting Tuesday May 13th at 7pm in a room to be determined. A lot of us have been waiting for this to happen, so come on by and learn a thing or two.

Till then,  
/Nat

Update: Check our facebook group (cplug) for a facebook event, and the room number.